all right what's going on dudes and
welcome back to Minecraft so I was
invited to participate in a project that
Verizon has been working on trying to
create a cell network in Minecraft that
can connect out into the real world it
sounds totally out there and pretty hard
to envision without seeing it so let me
show it to you first things first we
have to craft a cell phone the way we do
that is by surrounding a white stained
glass pane in some iron and there we go
we've got a cell phone
browse the web and make video calls so
the way we get this thing going is we'll
fly up into the air and we'll simply
drop it and now we've got the cell phone
here but you'll notice we can't do
anything with it yet because if we hit
the button here we've got to connect to
the network first so in order to do that
we'll need to actually make a tower like
these ones around here so the way we do
that is sort of like crafting boots but
then you'll put a redstone dust at the
top and you've got a cell tower sapling
so we need to plant this and then grab
some engineers to help construct it and
then we should be up and running so
let's add some bonemeal to this thing
and boom we should get some engineers
here who are going to help build the
structure and then hopefully assuming
everything goes according to plan we'll
get some some service here on our cell
phone and then we'll actually be able to
put its functions to use so the
engineers here they go SuperDuper
quickly it's trying to build the thing
it's super awesome actually
it's like a whole multi-level structure
I think it's four levels tall and as
soon as they get to the very top we
should be able to flip the lever and
activate the things so just wait for it
they're almost there building the final
tier now wait for it wait for it and I
think they're just about there so let's
flip the lever down here and let there
be some power all right awesome so
you'll notice we've got some some
particle effects up here if you can see
them when they fly on up here and we've
got this big ring at the top these
particle effects denote that we do have
a connection between the cell phone and
the cell network so now we should be
able to use this thing look the screens
all illuminated we've got a connection
and we can use the various options that
we have on the phone so let's start off
by loading a web page we'll go over to
the option on the right which looks like
the little globe over here hit it
and now it prompts us to enter a URL so
I've been given a URL here to put in
that will load an image that should be
pretty easily distinguishable in the
resolution that we've got here so it
says wow such browser now keep in mind
it's minecraft it's obviously going to
be blocky but if you actually loaded
that link yourself you'll see the image
and that's what it's actually taking
yours it's taking the webpage it's
loading it it's converting it into
minecraft blocks on this display here
and this is actually the Internet now I
should be able to scroll down a little
bit here using the scroll buttons and
we'll load dojo up a little bit there
and there we go we've got our well such
browser Doge so again actual image now
why don't we actually go ahead and load
something you might be kind of familiar
with we'll we'll go back to the home
screen by clicking on the home button
click back on the browser and now let's
enter something like HTTP colon slash
slash youtube.com slash CaptainSparklez
slash videos alright so it's loading up
right now and this is actually my
youtube channels video page obviously
it's converting it into minecraft blocks
and interpolating as best it can in the
resolution that's provided here but if
you actually do a side-by-side
comparison here of what my channel looks
like versus the image being loaded here
you'll notice it's a pretty decent
representation of it at the pixels that
we have allotted I can scroll up and
down once again using the the scroll
things here and we can go down to the
bottom of the page there we go and then
I can scroll back up if I want it's a
little bit difficult to see with the
angle obviously but I can kind of see it
moving there and work our way back up to
the top of the page these are all of my
video thumbnails basically converted
into into minecraft blocks so it's super
cool again it's it's actually it is a
functional web browser that we have on a
phone screen here in Minecraft which i
think is personally pretty incredible
it's pretty awesome but that's not even
the coolest feature I think let's move
into video
calls why don't we so we'll go back into
the main screen here and let's demo that
real quickly so first let me video call
myself as a demo I'm gonna go over here
click the video call button and it gives
me a list of options that I can call I'm
going to start off by calling vzn bot
because that's the account I'm actually
logged in to on my tablet over here and
so my tablet will actually ring when i
dial vzn bot so we're dialing i've got
an incoming call here on my tablet I'm
going to answer and check this out so
this this is me pointing my tablet at
myself and it's now displaying in
Minecraft trying to whoops like
concealing like I can text I concealed
the camera I'm good at this so here we
go it's loading me and my image here in
minecraft using the the front-facing
camera on my tablet here so as I move
this around it actually again this is me
wow this is so cool now on the other end
you're wondering what I'm seeing here on
my tablet watch this I'm actually
getting like a selfie image of my
minecraft character and I'm going to try
to hold this up while also moving around
my mouse in-game hold on get a good grip
on this thing trying to be not too shaky
okay so watch me I'm going to lean down
in-game and it actually gives this the
the f5 like selfie perspective of my
minecraft character I'm punching
spinning around and so it's actually a
two-way call between it between the real
world and Minecraft and on the screen
here in game it's just this is my tablet
in front of my webcam
how how incredible is that though how
cool is that and then we can point it
back here and it's me again
all right so cool that's so cool so now
if I want to I can I can end the call
any other device but we'll just it's
pointing at the ceiling now I'm going to
hang it up by hitting this over in
Minecraft and that right there ended the
call so that was a demo to myself but
now let's go ahead and call someone else
how about uh how about sethbling so
we'll go back into the video call menu
once again by clicking on the camera
icon and instead of this time dialing
verizon bot I am gonna dial sethbling
and now it should be ringing over on his
end and he's able to to pick up and then
we'll actually be able to hello how are
you oh hey I'm doing great today are you
I am pretty swell it's nice to see you
in all of your you're blocking boy yeah
is it is it crystal clear it's a it's
about as crystal clear as you can get in
Minecraft so um any any new projects
that you've been working on actually
yeah I've been today I was I've been
working on this map that well I've had
in the works for quite a long time but
I'm making some really good progress on
it a Minecraft map coming out hopefully
pretty soon so yeah it's pretty exciting
alright cool stuff well thanks for
answering thanks for staying hello and I
guess I'll catch you later or something
alright see ya
All Right see ya ok so that was uh that
was an actual video call out to to
someone else using the video call
feature on the phone in Minecraft how
cool is that
come on that's pretty awesome so that is
the the whole cell phone cell Network
project in Minecraft I hope you've
enjoyed and if you're interested there
should be a link in the description that
will actually take you over to like a
repository where it'll tell you kind of
how the whole thing was made so check
that out if you're interested and than
that thank you so much for watching
pretty cool stuff like like when I
initially heard about this I was like
wait ha that step sounds a little bit
crazy and then I actually you know got
to demo it and
it's pretty awesome stuff so thanks
again and I'll see you next time